<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
    <h:head>
        <title>Romantic Escapades - Terms of use</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../resources/css/style.css"/>
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <ui:insert name="header">
            <ui:include class="entete" src="/template/header.xhtml"/>
        </ui:insert>
        
        <h2>Terms of use</h2>
        <h4>Romantic Escapades</h4>
        <h4>Terms of Use Agreement</h4>
            <p>This Agreement was last revised on February 24, 2010.</p>
            <p>Welcome to romantic-escapades.com, the website and online service of Romantic Escapades ("Romantic Escapades " "we," or "us"). This page explains the terms by which you may use our web site, web widgets, feeds, mobile device software applications (collectively, the " Romantic Escapades Software"), applications for third- party web sites and services, and any other mobile or web services or applications owned, controlled, or offered by Romantic Escapades (including through social networking sites such as Twitter or Facebook) (collectively the “Service”). By accessing or using the Service, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by this Terms of Use Agreement (“Agreement”), whether or not you are a registered user of our Service. We reserve the right to amend this Agreement at any time by notifying you as provided in this Agreement, provided that no notice shall be required for non-substantive changes to the Agreement. If we substantively amend this Agreement, we will give you at least seven (7) days notice before the changes take effect, during which period of time you may reject the changes by terminating your account. Your continued use of the Service after any such change constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Use. If you do not agree to any of these terms or any future Terms of Use, do not use or access (or continue to access) the Service. This Agreement applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service (“Users”).</p>
            <h4>Use of Our Service</h4>
            <p>Romantic Escapades provides a place for you to find travel information and connect with fellow traveller.</p>
            <h4>Eligibility</h4>
            <p>This Service is intended solely for Users who are thirteen (13) years of age or older, and any registration, use or access to the Service by anyone under 13 is strictly prohibited and in violation of this Agreement. If you are under 18 years of age you may use the Service only if you either are an emancipated minor or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in this Agreement, and to abide by and comply with this Agreement. The Service is not available to any Users previously removed from the Service by Romantic Escapades.</p>
            <h4>Member Accounts</h4>
            <p>You do not have to register in order to visit Romantic Escapades. To access certain features of the Service, though, such as posting content, you will need to register with Romantic Escapades and create a “Member” account. Your Member account gives you access to the services and functionality that we may establish and maintain from time to time and in our sole discretion.</p>
            <p>You may never use another Member’s account without permission. When creating your account, you must provide accurate and complete information. You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, and you must keep your account password secure. You must notify Romantic Escapades immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account. Romantic Escapades will not be liable for any losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account.</p>
            <p>You may control your Member profile and how you interact with the Service by changing the settings in your Preferences page. By providing Romantic Escapades your email address you consent to our using the email address to send you Service-related notices, including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail. We may also use your email address to send you other messages, such as changes to features of the Service and special offers. If you do not want to receive such email messages, you may opt out or change your preferences in your Preferences page. Opting out may prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates, improvements, or offers.</p>
            <h4>Service Rules</h4>
            <p>You agree not to engage in any of the following prohibited activities: (i) copying, distributing, or disclosing any part of the Service in any medium, including without limitation by any automated or non-automated “scraping”; (ii) using any automated system, including without limitation “robots,” “spiders,” “offline readers,” etc., to access the Service in a manner that sends more request messages to the Romantic Escapades servers than a human can reasonably produce in the same period of time by using a conventional on-line web browser (except that Romantic Escapades grants the operators of public search engines revocable permission to use spiders to copy materials from romantic-escapades.com for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials); (iii) transmitting spam, chain letters, or other unsolicited email; (iv) attempting to interfere with, compromise the system integrity or security or decipher any transmissions to or from the servers running the Service; (v) taking any action that imposes, or may impose at our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (vi) uploading invalid data, viruses, worms, or other software agents through the Service; (vii) collecting or harvesting any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Service; (viii) using the Service for any commercial solicitation purposes; (ix) impersonating another person or otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity, conducting fraud, hiding or attempting to hide your identity; (x) interfering with the proper working of the Service; (xi) accessing any content on the Service through any technology or means other than those provided or authorized by the Service; or (xii) bypassing the measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Service, including without limitation features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or enforce limitations on use of the Service or the content therein.</p>
            <p>Accessing the audio-visual content available on the Service for any purpose or in any manner other than Streaming (as defined below) is expressly prohibited. “Streaming” means a contemporaneous digital transmission of an audio-visual work via the Internet from the Romantic Escapades Service to a User’s device in such a manner that the data is intended for real-time viewing and not intended to be copied, stored, permanently downloaded, or redistributed by the User.</p>
            <p>Romantic Escapades may permanently or temporarily terminate, suspend, or otherwise refuse to permit your access to the Service without notice and liability for any reason, including if in Romantic Escapades' sole determination you violate any provision of this Agreement, or for no reason. Upon termination for any reason or no reason, you continue to be bound by this Agreement.</p>
            <p>All aspects of the Service are subject to change or elimination at Romantic Escapades' sole discretion. Romantic Escapades reserves the right to interrupt the Service with or without prior notice for any reason or no reason. You agree that Romantic Escapades will not be liable to you for any interruption of the Service, delay or failure to perform.</p>
            <p>You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Romantic Escapades Users. We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other Users. Romantic Escapades shall have no liability for your interactions with other Users, or for any User’s action or inaction.</p>
            <h4>User Content</h4>
            <p>Some areas of the Service may allow Users to post content such as feedback, comments, questions, blog posts, travel information, videos, photographs, images, and other information (“User Content”). You are solely responsible for your User Content that you upload, publish, display, link to or otherwise make available (hereinafter, “post”) on the Service, and you agree that we are only acting as a passive conduit for your online distribution and publication of your User Content. You understand that whether or not such User Content published, Romantic Escapades does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any User Content.</p>
            <p>You agree not to post User Content that: (i) may create a risk of harm, loss, physical or mental injury, emotional distress, death, disability, disfigurement, or physical or mental illness to you, to any other person, or to any animal; (ii) may create a risk of any other loss or damage to any person or property; (iii) seeks to harm or exploit children by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable details or otherwise; (iv) may constitute or contribute to a crime or tort; (v) contains any information or content that we deem to be unlawful, harmful, abusive, racially or ethnically offensive, defamatory, infringing, invasive of personal privacy or publicity rights, harassing, humiliating to other people (publicly or otherwise), libellous, threatening, profane, or otherwise objectionable; (vi) contains any information or content that is illegal (including, without limitation, the disclosure of insider information under securities law or of another party’s trade secrets); (vii) contains any information or content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; or (viii) contains any information or content that you know is not correct and current. You agree that any User Content that you post does not and will not violate third-party rights of any kind, including without limitation any Intellectual Property Rights (as defined below), rights of publicity and privacy. To the extent that
                your User Content contains music, you hereby represent that you are the owner of all the copyright rights, including without limitation the performance, mechanical, and sound recordings rights, with respect to each and every musical composition (including lyrics) and sound recording contained in such User Content and have the power to grant the license granted below. Romantic Escapades reserves the right, but is not obligated, to reject and/or remove any User Content that Romantic Escapades believes, in its sole discretion, violates these provisions. You understand that publishing your User Content on the Service is not a substitute for registering it with the U.S. Copyright Office, the Writer’s Guild of America, or any other rights organization.</p>
            <p>For the purposes of this Agreement, “Intellectual Property Rights” means all patent rights, copyright rights, mask work rights, moral rights, rights of publicity, trademark, trade dress and service mark rights, goodwill, trade secret rights and other intellectual property rights as may now exist or hereafter come into existence, and all applications therefore and registrations, renewals and extensions thereof, under the laws of any state, country, territory or other jurisdiction.</p>
            <p>Romantic Escapades takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content that you or any other User or third party posts or sends over the Service. You shall be solely responsible for your own User Content and the consequences of posting or publishing it. You understand and agree that any loss or damage of any kind that occurs as a result of the use of any User Content that you send, upload, download, stream, post, transmit, display, or otherwise make available or access through your use of the Service, is solely your responsibility. In connection with your User Content, you affirm, represent and warrant the following:</p>
            <p>You are at least 18 years of age and have not been previously removed from the Service, or if you are under 18 years of age you are either an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in this Agreement, and to abide by and comply with this Agreement.</p>
            <p>You have the written consent of each and every identifiable natural person in the User Content to use such person’s name or likeness in the manner contemplated by the Service and this Agreement, and each such person has released you from any liability that may arise in relation to such use.</p>
            <p>Your User Content and Romantic Escapades use thereof as contemplated by this Agreement and the Service will not infringe any rights of any third party, including but not limited to any Intellectual Property Rights, privacy rights and rights of publicity.</p>
            <p>Romantic Escapades may exercise the rights to your User Content granted under this Agreement without liability for payment of any guild fees, residuals, payments, fees, or royalties payable under any collective bargaining agreement or otherwise.</p>
            <p>To the best of your knowledge, all your User Content and other information that you provide to us is truthful and accurate.</p>
            <p>Romantic Escapades is not responsible for any public display or misuse of your User Content. You understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to User Content that is inaccurate, offensive, indecent, objectionable, or inappropriate for children, and you agree that Romantic Escapades shall not be liable for any damages you allege to incur as a result of such User Content.</p>
            <h4>User Content License Grant</h4>
            <p>You retain all your ownership rights in your User Content. By posting any User Content on the Service, you expressly grant, and you represent and warrant that you have a right to grant, to Romantic Escapades a royalty- free, sub licensable, transferable, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, list information regarding, edit, translate, distribute, publicly perform, publicly display, and make derivative works of all such User Content and your name, voice, and/or likeness as contained in your User Content, in whole or in part, and in any form, media or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed, for use in connection with the Service. You also hereby grant each User of the Service a non-exclusive license to access your User Content through the Service, and to use, reproduce, distribute, display and perform such User Content as permitted through the functionality of the Service and under this Agreement.</p>
            <p>The above licenses granted by you in your User Content terminate within a commercially reasonable time after you remove or delete your User Content from the Service. You understand and agree, however, that Romantic Escapades may retain, but not display, distribute, or perform, server copies of User Content that have been removed or deleted. The above licenses granted by you in User Content for which the Service does not provide you a means to delete or remove are perpetual and irrevocable.</p>
            <h4>End User License Grant</h4>
            <p>Romantic Escapades Service. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, freely revocable, license to use the Service for your personal, non- commercial use only. Romantic Escapades reserves all rights not expressly granted herein in the Service and the Romantic Escapades Content (as defined below). Romantic Escapades may terminate this license at any time for any reason or no reason.</p>
            <p>Romantic Escapades Software. To use the Romantic Escapades Software you must have a mobile device that is compatible with the Romantic Escapades Service. Romantic Escapades does not warrant that the Romantic Escapades Service will be compatible with your mobile device.</p>
            <p>(1) License Grant. Romantic Escapades hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use a compiled code copy of the Romantic Escapades Software for one Romantic Escapades Member account on one mobile device owned or leased solely by you, for your personal use.</p>
            <p>(2) Restrictions. You may not: (i) modify, disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer the Romantic Escapades Software, except to the extent that such restriction is expressly prohibited by law; (ii) rent, lease, loan, resell, sublicense, distribute or otherwise transfer the Romantic Escapades Software to any third party or use the Romantic Escapades Software to provide time sharing or similar services for any third party; (iii) make any copies of the Romantic Escapades Software; (iv) remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Romantic Escapades Software, features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content accessible through the Romantic Escapades Software, or features that enforce limitations on use of the Romantic Escapades Software; or (v) delete the copyright and other proprietary rights notices on the Romantic Escapades Software.</p>
            <p>(3) Software Upgrades. You acknowledge that Romantic Escapades may from time to time issue upgraded versions of the Romantic Escapades Software, and may automatically electronically upgrade the version of the Romantic Escapades Software that you are using on your mobile device. You consent to such automatic upgrading on your mobile device, and agree that the terms and conditions of this Agreement will apply to all such upgrades.</p>
            <p>(4) Third-Party Code. Any third-party code that may be incorporated in the Romantic Escapades Software is covered by the applicable open source or third-party license EULA, if any, authorizing use of such code.</p>
            <p>(5) Rights Reserved. The foregoing license grant is not a sale of the Romantic Escapades Software or any copy thereof, and Romantic Escapades or its third party partners or suppliers retain all right, title, and interest in the Romantic Escapades Software (and any copy thereof). Any attempt by you to transfer any of the rights, duties or obligations hereunder, except as expressly provided for in this Agreement, is void. Romantic Escapades reserves all rights not expressly granted under this Agreement.</p>
            <p>(6) Government End Users. If the Romantic Escapades Software is being acquired on behalf of the United States Government, then the following provision applies. Use, duplication, or disclosure of the Romantic Escapades Software by the U.S. Government is subject to restrictions set forth in this Agreement and as provided in DFARS 227.7202-1(a) and 227.7202-3(a) (1995), DFARS 252.227-7013(c)(1)(ii) (OCT 1988), FAR 12.212(a) (1995), FAR 52.227-19, or FAR 52.227-14 (ALT III), as applicable.</p>
            <p>(7) Romantic Escapades Software from iTunes. The following applies to any Romantic Escapades Software you acquire from the iTunes Store (“iTunes-Sourced Software”): You acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is solely between you and Romantic Escapades, not Apple, and that Apple has no responsibility for the iTunes- Sourced Software or content thereof. Your use of the iTunes-Sourced Software must comply with the App Store Terms of Service. You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the iTunes-Sourced Software. In the event of any failure of the iTunes-Sourced Software to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the iTunes-Sourced Software to you; to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the iTunes-Sourced Software, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be solely governed by this Agreement and any law applicable to Romantic Escapades as provider of the software. You acknowledge that Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims of you or any third party relating to the iTunes-Sourced Software or your possession and/or use of the iTunes-Sourced Software, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the iTunes-Sourced Software fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation; and all such claims are governed solely by this Agreement and any law applicable to Romantic Escapades as provider of the software. You acknowledge that, in the event of any third party claim that the iTunes-Sourced Software or your possession and use of that iTunes-Sourced Software infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, Romantic Escapades, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by this Agreement. You and Romantic Escapades acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement as relates to your license of the iTunes-Sourced Software, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement as relates to your license of the iTunes-Sourced Software against you as a third party beneficiary thereof.</p>
            <h4>Our Proprietary Rights</h4>
            <p>Except for your User Content, the Service and all materials therein or transferred thereby, including, without limitation, software, images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, photographs, audio, videos, music, and User Content (the " Romantic Escapades Content"), and all Intellectual Property Rights related thereto, are the exclusive property of Romantic Escapades and its licensors. Except as explicitly provided herein, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to create a license in or under any such Intellectual Property Rights, and you agree not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit or create derivative works from any materials or content accessible on the Service. Use of the Romantic Escapades Content or materials on the Service for any purpose not expressly permitted by this Agreement is strictly prohibited.</p>
            <p>You may choose to or we may invite you to submit comments or ideas about the Service, including without limitation about how to improve the Service or our products (“Ideas”). By submitting any Idea, you agree that your disclosure is gratuitous, unsolicited and without restriction and will not place Romantic Escapades under any fiduciary or other obligation, and that we are free to use the Idea without any additional compensation to you, and/or to disclose the Idea on a non-confidential basis or otherwise to anyone. You further acknowledge that, by acceptance of your submission, Romantic Escapades does not waive any rights to use similar or related ideas previously known to Romantic Escapades, or developed by its employees, or obtained from sources other than you.</p>
            <h4>Privacy</h4>
            <p>We care about the privacy of our Users. <p:link outcome="policy" value="Click here to view our Privacy Policy" />. By using the Service, you are consenting to have your personal data collected, used, transferred to and processed in the United States.</p>
            <h4>Security</h4>
            <p>We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. You acknowledge that you provide your personal information at your own risk.</p>
            <h4>Third-Party Links</h4>
            <p>The Service may contain links to third-party websites, advertisers, services, special offers, or other events or activities that are not owned or controlled by Romantic Escapades. Such third party websites may include sites that collect and process your credit card information or sites through which you may purchase travel arrangements. Romantic Escapades does not endorse or assume any responsibility for any such third-party sites, information, materials, products, or services. If you access a third party website from the Service, you do so at your own risk, and you understand that this Agreement and Romantic Escapades’ Privacy Policy do not apply to your use of such sites. You expressly relieve Romantic Escapades from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website, service, or content. Additionally, your dealings with or participation in promotions of advertisers found on the Service, including payment and delivery of goods, and any other terms (such as warranties) are solely between you and such advertisers. You agree that Romantic Escapades shall not be responsible for any loss or damage of any sort relating to your dealings with such advertisers.</p>
            <h4>Indemnity</h4>
            <p>You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Romantic Escapades and its subsidiaries, agents, licensors, managers, and other affiliated companies, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the Service, including any data or content transmitted or received by you; (ii) your violation of any term of this Agreement, including without limitation your breach of any of the representations and warranties above; (iii) your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation any right of privacy, publicity rights or Intellectual Property Rights; (iv) your violation of any law, rule or regulation of the United States or any other country; (v) any claim or damages that arise as a result of any of your User Content or any that is submitted via your account; or (vi) any other party’s access and use of the Service with your unique username, password or other appropriate security code.</p>
            <h4>No Warranty</h4>
<p>THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM ROMANTIC ESCAPADES OR THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, ROMANTIC ESCAPADES, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AND ITS LICENSORS DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE CONTENT, INCLUDING WITHOUT
NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY MONITOR ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND LIMITATION ANY FLIGHT OR TRAVEL INFORMATION ON THE SERVICE, IS ACCURATE, RELIABLE OR CORRECT; THAT THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION, UNINTERRUPTED OR SECURE; THAT ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED; OR THAT THE SERVICE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. ANY CONTENT DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS DOWNLOADED AT YOUR OWN RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM SUCH DOWNLOAD.
ROMANTIC ESCAPADES DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE ROMANTIC ESCAPADES SERVICE OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE OR SERVICE, AND ROMANTIC ESCAPADES WILL THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.</p>
            <h4>Limitation of Liability</h4>
            <p>TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL ROMANTIC ESCAPADES, ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THIS SERVICE. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL ROMANTIC ESCAPADES BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE, LOSS OR INJURY RESULTING FROM HACKING, TAMPERING OR OTHER UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR USE OF THE SERVICE OR YOUR ACCOUNT OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED THEREIN.</p>
            <p>TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ROMANTIC ESCAPADES ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT; (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SERVICE; (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN; (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SERVICE; (V) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE THAT MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SERVICE BY ANY THIRD PARTY; (VI) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE; (VII) USER CONTENT OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY AND/OR (VIII) ANY CHARGES OR FEES INCURRED AS A RESULT OF INACCURATE OR INCOMPLETE TRAVEL INFORMATION, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION CANCELLATION, HOTEL, OR TICKET-RELATED FEES, RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE. IN NO EVENT SHALL ROMANTIC ESCAPADES, ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SUPPLIERS, OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY CLAIMS, PROCEEDINGS, LIABILITIES, OBLIGATIONS, DAMAGES, LOSSES OR COSTS IN AN AMOUNT EXCEEDING THE AMOUNT YOU PAID TO ROMANTIC ESCAPADES HEREUNDER. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SECTION APPLIES WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF ROMANTIC ESCAPADES HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION.</p>
            <h4>Assignment</h4>
            <p>This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by Romantic Escapades without restriction.</p>
            <h4>General</h4>
            <p>Arbitration. For any claim (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) under this Agreement where the total amount of the award sought is less than $10,000, the party requesting relief may elect to resolve the dispute through binding non-appearance-based arbitration. The party electing such arbitration shall initiate the arbitration through an established alternative dispute resolution ("ADR") provider mutually agreed upon by the parties. The ADR provider and the parties must comply with the following rules: a) the arbitration shall be conducted by telephone, online and/or be solely based on written submissions, as selected by the party initiating the arbitration; b) the arbitration shall not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties; and c) any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.</p>
            <p>Notification Procedures Romantic Escapades may provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to you via email notice, written or hard copy notice, or through conspicuous posting of such notice on our website, as determined by Romantic Escapades in our sole discretion. Romantic Escapades reserves the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to our Users, provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in this Agreement. Romantic Escapades is not responsible for any automatic filtering you or your network provider may apply to email notifications we send to the email address you provide us. We recommend that you add info@romantic-escapades.com to your email address book to help ensure you receive email notifications from us.</p>
            <p>Entire Agreement/Severability. This Agreement, together with any amendments and any documents referenced herein, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and Romantic Escapades concerning the Service. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.</p>
            <p>No Waiver. No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and Romantic Escapades’ failure to assert any right or provision under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.</p>
            <p>If you have any questions about this Agreement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact us at legal@romantic-escapades.com, or send mail to:</p>
            <p>Romantic Escapades</p>
            <p>7 chemin des hauts de Hyeres 83400 Hyeres</p>
            <h4>Updates:</h4>
            <p>None at this time.</p>
        <ui:insert name="footer">
            <ui:include class="footer" src="/template/footer.xhtml"/>
        </ui:insert>
    </h:body>
</html>

